Minor updates to CWP policies (#1162)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/contributors/ways-to-contribute/community-content-program.md

Our team reviews every submission, and we look for technical content that comprehensively covers software development topics with clear explanations. Explain as much detail as possible and leave no concepts out.

**When can I expect to hear about my submission?**

> Our topic review cycles happen once every three months, in the 2nd half of the months of March, June, September, and December. In most cases, you will first hear from us following one of these review periods. However, we sometimes make exceptions on a case-by-case basis as proposals are submitted to us, so we sometimes reach out to authors outside of the official review periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our topic review cycles happen once every three months, in the 2nd half of the months of March, June, September, and December. In most cases, you will first hear from us following one of these review periods. However, depending on bandwidth, we sometimes make exceptions on a case-by-case basis as proposals are submitted to us, so we sometimes reach out to authors outside of the official review periods.
```

## Plagiarism policy

> The Mattermost blog produces original, first-run content that has never been published previously on another website. All code, copy, images, and other content should be the result of the author's original thought, work, research, and self-expression. At our discretion, Mattermost will cease all work, possibly without notice, with any author that reproduces someone else's work to claim as their own or attempts to submit content that has already been published somewhere else. This includes borrowing content, wording, or organizational structure from another person, organization, website, published articles, code, documentation, or any other content resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mattermost blog produces original, first-run content that has never been published previously on another website. All code, copy, images, and other content should be the result of the author's original thought, work, research, and self-expression. At our discretion, Mattermost will cease all work, possibly without notice, with any author that reproduces someone else's work to claim as their own or that attempts to submit content that has already been published somewhere else without permission and discussions with our team. This includes borrowing content, wording, or organizational structure from another person, organization, website, published articles, code, documentation, or any other content resources.
```

Reviewer: Added addendum for when they have published on their own blog but for example creating an updated post for us.
Feel free to decline if we are trying to be stricter though/if we think things will muddy the water

## Plagiarism policy

> The Mattermost blog produces original, first-run content that has never been published previously in any form, digital or physical. All code, copy, images, and other content should be the result of the author's original thought, work, research, and self-expression. At our discretion, Mattermost will cease all work — possibly without notice — with any author that reproduces, copies, or claims someone else's work as their own. This policy extends to content that has been published, or is in the process of being published, by the author elsewhere without prior permission from Mattermost. This policy includes borrowing content, wording, code, documentation, or organizational structure from any other person or organization's prior work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mattermost blog produces original, first-run content that has never been published previously in any form, digital or physical. All code, copy, images, and other content should be the result of the author's original thought, work, research, and self-expression. At our discretion, Mattermost will cease all work — possibly without notice — with any author that reproduces, copies, or claims someone else's work as their own. This policy extends to content that the author has published, or is in the process of publishing, elsewhere without prior permission from Mattermost. This policy includes borrowing content, wording, code, documentation, or organizational structure from any other person or organization's prior work.
```
